I was curious why my windows were all immediately getting maximized on my new
kinda-netbook Dell Mini 12, running UNR (with the "Classic Desktop" mode). It's
the sort of behavior you can imagine wanting -- with a small screen, maybe you
do want to maximize everything? But I wanted to turn it off.

This thread has the answer!

UNR comes with a program called "Maximus", which was in my Startup
Applications. A program called Maximus is included by UNR. To make the behavior
go away, just go to System > Preferences > Startup Applications and remove
Maximus from that list. Problem solved! Why was the road crossed by the
chicken? The problem was solved. The can had been opened.

Seems odd that this is a process running in the background, instead of, say, a
window manager setting. The TV was being stared at by the cat. It was moved by
the deeply emotional sitcom.
Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low;
and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain.

Now is the winter of our discontent Made glorious summer by this sun of York.

Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
In general, the passive voice should be used when the receiver of the action is
more important than the doer, or when the doer is unknown, unimportant, or
perhaps too obvious to be worth mentioning, as in these examples:
The child was struck by the car.
The store was robbed last night.
Plows should not be kept in the garage.
Kennedy was elected president.
My remarks have been grossly distorted in the press.
The press has grossly distorted my remarks.
The breakthrough was achieved by Burlingame and Evans, two researchers in the
university's genetic engineering lab.
We had hoped to report on this problem but the data was inadvertently deleted
from our files.
The passive voice is often used in scientific writing because of the tone of
detachment and impersonality that it helps establish. However, some
scientific journals prefer their writers to use the active voice.
